thinking like a programer and Flipped Learning

My approach to things has always been that I like to break things down to small parts so they dont seem as hard anymore. I love to problem solve things, But I couldnt really see the link between coding and problem solving as after this short week ive spent to much time on trying to learn code rather than realising that the better practise would be to solve the problem and then find the corresponding code to do the job. I like to think if I have a bigger toolkit I can better do the job. But sometimes just knowing what tool is needed first might be the better option. Flipped learning is an interesting concept. I feel as though I have experienced this way of learning through going through other university courses however it just was not given a name.

Gather Evidence



Wife - My husband is a very kind, loving man. He loves Jesus Christ and myself and our child very much. He can be very very stubborn and lazy but there isnt anything he would not do for us.

Sister - I've always seen my brother as an independent person. He is the youngest of our bunch of 7 but because of him being the youngest he also had to grow up the fastest. He has been a great uncle to our little ones and helped to raise them, they are now adults as well. When I was younger there were more of us at home. In my brothers youth for the most part it was him home with our parents, and also our sister after she had been diagnosed with schtophrenia and bi-polar. Even through those times who always stayed cool calm and collected. He didn't complain to much about it and got on with things. I am proud of my brothers achievements with his bachelors degree, his marriage and his son. The core value my brother has is love and loyalty.

Friend - Yeah Good cunt.

"For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind" Timothy 1:7 KJV

"Then said Jesus unto his disciples, If any man will come after me, let him deny himself, and take up his cross, and follow me. 25For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it. 26For what is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul? or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?" Matthew 16:24-26 KJV

Good - Jocko Willink

Vulnerability is not about winning, and its not about losing. It's about having the courage to show up and be seen. - Brene Brown

No matter what your current ability is, effort is what ignites that ability and turns it into accomplishment - Carol S. Dweck

The moment we believe that success is determined by an ingrained level of ability as opposed to resillience and hard work, we will be brittle in the face of adversity. - Joshua Waitskin

success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm - Winston Churchill

The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything - Theodore Roosevelt

There are no solutions: There are only trade-offs - Thomas Sowell.

Patience is the companion of wisdom - St Augustine

It is love that asks, that seeks, that knocks, that finds, and tht is faithful to what it finds - St Augustine

1. My core personal values come from Christ, and from my parents. Treat others as how you would like to be treated. Love your enemies. 


- I personally believe the human body can pretty much heal anything on its own for the most part. This comes from my belief in the laws of nature created by our creator. When I had my mini heart attack and ended up in hospital. I was afraid and scared. My wife was recently pregnant with our first child. It was the first time in a long time I had fell into despair and sadness. Most of my loved ones would say I'm pretty happy guy for the most part and don't really let much get me down. I believe that the Lord alaways has a plan. When things went wrong I just would think that this must be for my benefit some how. Due to the heart attack I had a hard time believing in my faith that had guided me so far. I was posed with a choice, without any evidence of needing it. But was told to get a stent put into my chest. No angio had been done yet or any kind of test to see if there was even a blockage in the first place. My wife was worried and fair enough she was pregnant, she thought I should do it. I decided to make an ethical choice at the moment to trust in my gut and to trust the Lord. I said no to the stint. It sounds crazy I know, In a state of fear a lot of suggestions sound like good ones till your more clear headed. They then said they could give me a stint that was biodegradable which for me sounded great and I said I would be interested in that one. As they were going to put the stint in at the same time as they did the angio. They actually found that my coronary artieries were absolutely fine. I did not need a stint at all. However the consequences of that decision was that the doctors and nursing staff were less kind to me after that point. It was at this point I realised that no one will care more about your health than you will, atleast I knew that I could trust my own decisions.

- I come from a Catholic Samoan home. My parents are God fearing, people loving people. My parents were apart of the Samoan community at church. My parents values really came across to me when I would see how much they would care for each other. My parents had a humility to them which was apart of their own up bringing. The Samoan culture is one of hospitality to others. To its core its about love and service, My father was firm with me sometimes but as an adult I look back and relize that it was out of love for me. By disciplining me he taught me what it meant to serve others and also showed me he wasnt above doing menial tasks either like washing dishes, cooking or mowing the lawn. This was a part of samoan culture as woman and men would help each other either in the kitchen or with cleaning duties. 

2. My strengths are patience, team player, open to conversation. My biggest strength is being a team player. My biggest limitation is not knowing when to ask for help. I am really good at providing help to people in my team. However I am really poor in receiving help or asking for it.
-In regards to my strings for learning, I love to be able to just sit with things and try to figure them out. That's why I think i am a good team player as I'll take on tasks that other people don't want to do. However the limiting thing to this is that I would have a wide array of knowledge, but not enough deep knowledge to feel like I could actually be effective in doing that work if someone was to hire me for it.

- Being a team player, it becomes an obstacle when I don't know when to say I can't do that as I have not finished learning the prior thing.

- When I was at media design school. I was in a team with an artist that was a bit of a perfectionist. This caused tension as he would get upset with us about our work or would just ignore us. To his defense he did have aspergers so it was hard for him to be able to socialize with us so that we could understand him better. To help the team I developed the strategy of taking on the extra work because he felt that I could get close enough to his style. However I was also helping in other areas such as sound, particles and many more. It worked, we got through the year and produced a good game. However I didn't do very well on personal projects as I had taken on to much. Looking back I think the best approach would have been to have the team sit down with each other and have an actually discussion so that we could figure out more succinctly to what that team member needed to be able to do his job.

Good Afternoon Everyone! My name is Shaun :D. I was born and raised in South Auckland. Mainly in Papkura but now I currently reside in East Tamaki, Auckland. A bit about me, I am a bit of a all over the place kind of person. But first and foremost I am a Catholic Christian of Samoan heritage. I see myself as a bit of a creative, I love to draw and create things. I've worked in call centres and done labouring jobs. I've studied game art, software development and a bit of business. I love to learn and to be a team player.